
001 Template-Hierarchy
https://developer.wordpress.org/themes/basics/template-hierarchy/

001 WP-Hierarchy
https://wphierarchy.com/

001 Theme-Development
https://codex.wordpress.org/Theme_Development

002 comment-form-Function
https://developer.wordpress.org/reference/functions/comment_form/

003 the-author-meta-Function
https://codex.wordpress.org/Function_Reference/the_author_meta

003 get-avatar-Function
https://codex.wordpress.org/Function_Reference/get_avatar

004 WP-Query-Class
https://codex.wordpress.org/Class_Reference/WP_Query

004 Global-post
https://codex.wordpress.org/Function_Reference/$post

004 wp-reset-postdata-Function
https://codex.wordpress.org/Function_Reference/wp_reset_postdata

004 WP-Query-Class-Developer
https://developer.wordpress.org/reference/classes/wp_query/

004 the-post-Function
https://developer.wordpress.org/reference/functions/the_post/

005 Theme-Development
https://codex.wordpress.org/Theme_Development

005 rewind-posts-Function
https://codex.wordpress.org/Function_Reference/rewind_posts

005 WP-Subtitle-Plugin
https://wordpress.org/plugins/wp-subtitle/

006 the-archive-title-Function
https://developer.wordpress.org/reference/functions/the_archive_title/

006 get-template-part-Function
https://developer.wordpress.org/reference/functions/get_template_part/

008 get-allowed-mime-types-Function
https://codex.wordpress.org/Function_Reference/get_allowed_mime_types

009 Page-Templates
https://developer.wordpress.org/themes/template-files-section/page-template-files/

010 bloginfo-Function
https://developer.wordpress.org/reference/functions/bloginfo/

010 WP-Quads-Plugin
https://wordpress.org/plugins/quick-adsense-reloaded/

010 Placeholder
https://placeholder.com/

011 WP-Customize-Manager-Class
https://codex.wordpress.org/Class_Reference/WP_Customize_Manager

011 add-setting-Method
https://codex.wordpress.org/Class_Reference/WP_Customize_Manager/add_setting

011 add-control-Method
https://codex.wordpress.org/Class_Reference/WP_Customize_Manager/add_control

015 add-theme-support-Function
https://developer.wordpress.org/reference/functions/add_theme_support/

015 Starter-Content
https://make.wordpress.org/core/2016/11/30/starter-content-for-themes-in-4-7/

016 ThemeForest
https://themeforest.net/

016 Conditional-Tags
https://developer.wordpress.org/themes/basics/conditional-tags/

017 Language-Attributes
https://www.w3.org/International/questions/qa-lang-why

017 bloginfo-Function
https://developer.wordpress.org/reference/functions/bloginfo/
